---
layout: post
title: "I went to a funeral"
header-img: "soft.jpg"
tag: nonsense
collection: "Nonsense"
collection-url: "/nonsense"
credit: ""
---

An old highschool friend of my girlfriend passed away suddenly recently.  Kelly asked me to join her and some other people from her home town living In Kingston on the carpool to the funeral. I obliged and discovered that it is an experience to attend the funeral of someone you had never met. 

We piled into a car and drove an hour to the chapel holding the funeral in a tiny farming community.

When we arrived, I was struck by the number of people who came on Thursday afternoon, many travelling from Universities across Ontario during exams, to pay their respects. The service began and several moving speeches were made. They all talked about how smart, driven and beautiful she was. 

After the service we all went downstairs to talk and eat. As Kelly and her high school friend started talking and reconnecting, I wandered off looked at the pictures and memories her friends and family had left about the young woman no older than me. It struck me, while I learned about her, that this was really my first impression of her. I was learning a lot her from the eulogies and listening to her friends share memories; and I realized that I really wish I could have met this person. 

When people die, everyone close to them will generally remember the best times and the best things about that person. It makes you wonder what someone's impression of you would be if all they heard was what people say at your funeral. I've been to lots of funerals and never heard people talk about anyone so sincerely and I honestly am not sure if I'm just interpreting it as sincere because I didn't know her so I know nothing to the contrary or if she was really just that amazing of a person.

I'm really sorry for anyone who has lost someone recently. This time of year is the worst to lose someone in.

I hope when I die, I have people saying similar things about me.  